You know, you've got a tough mission coming up for inspection. Coming
up or getting ready for deployment. You're getting ready for. I'll be
getting ready for ref trade. You get ready to go out and do the mission.
It's coming. How do you help the team get ready for that? The
one being present Do hot slough off. You know, the weekend before Monday,
inspections be around. Walk your dex. Tell you one for example.
Lots of funny At the time I did as a captain, as a captain, I walked
the decks. I had a radiological inspection coming up and I walked
through my entire building. Everything's good to go. Everything's
labeled. Did I know that the contractors were coming in to I hope it's
that weekend. No. No, I did not. What happens? Removed All exterior
sign Ege interests image from all bulkheads. Doors. So on the morning
for the radiological inspection, I just went and seed on Friday
with my own eyeballs because we don't have the radiological inspections
rooms designated because the contractors took the scientist. Yeah.
Whose fault is that? That would be more so. You know, the captain,
you keep warning. You expect what you inspect. Should I've got in
on Sunday afternoon? Oh, yeah. I could have done that way. Fix saying
that we have ultimately repaired and have a great expections. Yes.
Okay, But if you are not present, if you do not walk the spaces, you
are at risk, okay? And it's better to walk the spaces with your team
personnel that are going to be showing off the spaces. So at the
dry run and you will have a dry run for inspection. Stash crew, team
member. So what you gonna tell the inspector when he shows up? You're
just asking a question. You wanted it that way. That will allowed
you to evaluate your team members knowledge, experience, training
level. And is he or she ready for the inspections?